Is
It is such a great king or wall
I'm taking a leg like this This is not to move to strong opponents
Care about the taste that say do not move Odaiba
Well, on the other hand, I pulled my foot a bit back
With the floor on the floor
I will know the knee slowly before
And the heel matter how much
Good to say before
Then you stretch the deep muscles of the good needle so-called inner muscle
Though I stretch a muscle called flatfish muscle
It means that you bend your knees
like this
Take a breath
Yes day
Press once, Lou
It is not good
Hey class Sutoru
There is a pond
Next time I changed my feet in the same way
Then make sure that the toe has been fixed in this state it is the state that is facing up
Slowly
I will give priority to the knee and will know before
This will stretch the calf muscle
Take a breath
Don't do it
One more teapot 2
Dont do it
Another table swimmer
Dont do this
2nd class
Please write your breath
I think that I was single
Like this
Foot
Knees slightly forward with the body on and the heel on the floor
Store
I think that You're Then calf muscles say
This type as a guide
Might be good if I am here from here I this is is is get to be on the floor and vertical
It's good to be vertical
I think it will just grow up
Kedomo I know Well Oh day stretch feeling is the coffin after
This foot
Do you want to back
Though I'm doing do in some very basic Well behind it has little changed at or slightly before
Change the position of this leg
I'm looking for a pleasant place myself, I think it is another way
Natural luxury for 20 seconds
Please be sure to be a big fan of green